Meet Khanmigo: Khan Academy&#x27;s AI-powered teaching assistant & tutor Teachers Learners Parents Writing Coach New Districts Offerings Math Science Khan Kids SAT Khanmigo About Mastery learning Why KAD? Get Khanmigo Get Khanmigo Khanmigo is your always-available teaching assistant. For teachers Knock something off your to-do list in minutes Sign up for free For districts Expert-led AI adoption for your schools Learn more For writing AI-enhanced writing practice and instruction tool Sign up for free “Forget ChatGPT. These are the best AI-powered apps.” Khanmigo receives an overall 4-star rating making it a top-rated AI-for-education tool. “One teacher said she noticed students posing more questions to Khanmigo than they might typically ask.” On-demand AI-powered support for education. For teachers Experience the best AI for teachers. Built for educators by educators, with your needs in mind. Khanmigo simplifies your workflow while keeping your work and your student data private and secure. Sign up for free Learn more For learners Build your brain power. Khanmigo challenges you to think critically and solve problems without giving you direct answers. Learn new skills anytime, whether it&#x27;s algebra, SQL, or essay writing. Get Khanmigo Learn more For parents Turn homework into high fives. Type in a homework question and get instant help. Like a good tutor, Khanmigo gently guides your child to discover the answers themselves. Get Khanmigo Learn more Praise for Khanmigo “Khanmigo&#x27;s Rubric Generator allowed me to incorporate our actual unit plans and objectives to construct a rubric from scratch. A task that would normally take me about an hour was now completed in no more than 15 minutes.” Ms. Bartsch High school English teacher "Khanmigo, the GPT-4-powered chatbot by @khanacademy, has been blowing my mind. It&#x27;s SO good! It will walk you through the solution and ask questions so you can work it out yourself rather than just get the answer.” Dani Guardiola @daniguardio_la "It has completely revolutionized our homeschool. It is perfect for a family that asks ‘why’ constantly. It is so much more time-efficient than trying to piece together intelligent answers from many sources." Katie Homeschool parent FAQ What is Khanmigo? How is it different from ChatGPT? Khanmigo is an AI-powered personal tutor and teaching assistant from trusted education nonprofit Khan Academy. For learners and families, Khanmigo offers engaging, on-topic, and effective learning for students, and is ethically designed with safety and learning as a top priority. Unlike other AI tools such as ChatGPT, Khanmigo doesn’t just give answers. Instead, with limitless patience, it guides learners to find the answer themselves. In addition, Khanmigo is the only AI tool that is incorporated with Khan Academy’s world-class content library that covers math, humanities, coding, social studies, and more. When rating AI tools for learning, Common Sense Media gave Khanmigo 4 stars , rising above other AI tools like ChatGPT and Bard. For teachers, Khanmigo is designed to make your role less about busy work. What normally takes hours can be done quickly with Khanmigo: differentiation, lesson plans, quiz questions, student groupings, hooks, exit tickets, rubrics, and more. There’s no learning curve. Start using Khanmigo’s teacher tools within minutes. Sign up for free to see why Fast Company says Khanmigo is an AI assistant that teachers will actually use. How many children can I add to my Khanmigo account? After you sign up for a monthly or annual Khanmigo subscription on your parent account, you will have the option to enable access for up to 10 of your children who are under 18. Teachers - you will not be able to grant students access to Khanmigo. At this time, classroom access for Khanmigo is only available through school or district implementations . Note: if your child is part of an active Khan Academy classroom, you may not be able to activate Khanmigo access on their account. Please reach out to our support team if you have any questions. Will I be able to give my students access to Khanmigo? No, you will not be able to grant students access to Khanmigo. At this time, classroom access for Khanmigo is only available through school or district implementations. We invite district and school administrators to contact our Districts Partnership team to learn about Khanmigo for Districts. Khanmigo for teachers offers a lot of exciting features, such as standards-aligned lesson planning tied to Khan Academy’s world-class content library; an on-demand summary of recent student work so you can quickly assess progress and identify areas where additional support is needed; and Khanmigo-crafted learning objectives, rubrics, and even exit tickets. As a nonprofit educational organization, we see it as our responsibility to explore what AI could mean for the future of education. We believe that AI has the potential to transform learning in a positive way, but we are also keenly aware of the risks. Therefore, we are only offering access to learners who are under 18 years old when their parents give them access or when their school district is partnered with Khan Academy. This collaboration across school leaders, teachers, families, and Khan Academy staff makes it possible to provide the level of supervision and support children deserve. We believe these guidelines will help us responsibly adapt AI for an educational setting. Can anyone use Khanmigo? To access Khanmigo as a parent or learner, you must make a monthly or annual payment, be 18 years or older, live in the United States, and have a billing address in the U.S. To access Khanmigo for Teachers, you must be an educator who is 18 years or older and lives in one of these countries or territories . If you are under 18 years old, your parent or guardian needs to sign up in order for you to gain access. Please ask your parent or guardian to sign up and add you to their account. Why is a payment required to access Khanmigo for parents and learners? Khan Academy is a small nonprofit funded by donations. Your payment helps us support Khan Academy’s mission while giving you access to a groundbreaking AI learning experience. To access Khanmigo for Teachers, you must be an educator who is 18 years or older and lives in one of these countries or territories . We are working to continue to make this technology more affordable for everyone. The Khan Academy content library and learning platform will always remain 100% free. What grades and subjects can Khanmigo help with? Khanmigo can help students who are in elementary school through college. Khanmigo can help with almost any academic subject, including math, science, coding, history, and humanities. Will I be able to give my students access to Khanmigo? No, you will not be able to grant students access to Khanmigo. At this time, classroom access for Khanmigo is only available through school or district implementations. We invite district and school administrators to contact our Districts Partnership team to learn about Khanmigo for Districts . Khanmigo for teachers offers a lot of exciting features, such as standards-aligned lesson planning tied to Khan Academy’s world-class content library; an on-demand summary of recent student work so you can quickly assess progress and identify areas where additional support is needed; and Khanmigo-crafted learning objectives, rubrics, and even exit tickets. As a nonprofit educational organization, we see it as our responsibility to explore what AI could mean for the future of education. We believe that AI has the potential to transform learning in a positive way, but we are also keenly aware of the risks. Therefore, we are only offering access to learners who are under 18 years old when their parents give them access or when their school district is partnered with Khan Academy. This collaboration across school leaders, teachers, families, and Khan Academy staff makes it possible to provide the level of supervision and support children deserve. We believe these guidelines will help us responsibly adapt AI for an educational setting. What is Khanmigo? How is it different from ChatGPT? Khanmigo is an AI-powered personal tutor and teaching assistant from trusted education nonprofit Khan Academy. Khanmigo offers engaging, on-topic, and effective learning for students, and is ethically designed with safety and learning as a top priority. Unlike other AI tools such as ChatGPT, Khanmigo doesn’t just give answers. Instead, with limitless patience, it guides learners to find the answer themselves. In addition, Khanmigo is the only AI tool that is incorporated with Khan Academy’s world-class content library that covers math, humanities, coding, social studies, and more. When rating AI tools for learning, Common Sense Media gave Khanmigo 4 stars , rising above other AI tools like ChatGPT and Bard. Can anyone use Khanmigo? To access Khanmigo, you must make a monthly or annual payment, be 18 years or older, live in the United States, and have a billing address in the U.S. If you are under 18 years old, your parent or guardian needs to sign up in order for you to gain access. Please ask your parent or guardian to sign up and add you to their account. Why is a payment required to access Khanmigo? Khan Academy is a small nonprofit funded by donations. Your payment helps us support Khan Academy’s mission while giving you access to a groundbreaking AI learning experience. We are working to continue to make this technology more affordable for everyone. The Khan Academy content library and learning platform will always remain 100% free. How many children can I add to my Khanmigo account? After you sign up for a monthly or annual Khanmigo subscription on your parent account, you will have the option to enable access for up to 10 of your children who are under 18. Teachers - you will not be able to grant students access to Khanmigo. At this time, classroom access for Khanmigo is only available through school or district implementations . Note: if your child is part of an active Khan Academy classroom, you may not be able to activate Khanmigo access on their account. Please reach out to our support team if you have any questions. What grades and subjects can Khanmigo help with? Khanmigo can help students who are in elementary school through college. Khanmigo can help with almost any academic subject, including math, science, coding, history, and humanities. Get a glimpse of the future of learning. See Khanmigo in action in Sal Khan&#x27;s 2023 TED Talk. Experience the best AI-powered tool in education Get Khanmigo Khanmigo for Districts Visit Khan Academy Terms of use Privacy Policy Cookie Notice Accessibility Statement